The flair LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2015 thejustinwalsh LLC

This license is inspired by The FreeType Project LICENSE which encourages the
inclusion and use of free software in commercial and freeware products alike. An
acceptable form of attribution/disclaimer/credit to use in compliance with this
license in your documentation, program, or executable is as follows:

  Portions of this software are copyright (c) 2015 The Flair Library
  (www.libflair.com).  All rights reserved.

Throughout this license, the terms `Flair' and `Flair library' refer to the set
of files originally distributed by thejustinwalsh LLC as `flair', be they named
as alpha, beta or final release.

This license applies to all files distributed in the original Flair Library,
including all source code, binaries and documentation, unless otherwise stated
in the file in its original, unmodified form as distributed in the original
archive or as defined in the ATTRIBUTION file distributed in the original
archive. If you are unsure whether or not a particular file is covered by this
license, you must contact us to verify this. If a license with terms other than
the terms expressed in this license are required you may contact us with
additional requests.

The Flair Library is copyright (C) 2015 by thejustinwalsh LLC. All rights
reserved except as specified below.

This license grants a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual and irrevocable right
and license to use, execute, perform, compile, display, copy, create  derivative
works of, distribute and sublicense the Flair Library (in both source and object
code forms) and derivative works thereof for any purpose; and to authorize
others to exercise some or all of the rights granted herein, subject to the
following conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
  copies or substantial portions of the Flair Library.

  Redistribution in binary form must provide a disclaimer that states that the
  software is based in part of the work of the Flair Library, in the
  distribution documentation, program, or executable. We also encourage you to
  put an URL to the Flair Library web page in your documentation, program, or
  executable, though this is not mandatory.

THE FLAIR LIBRARY IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE FLAIR LIBRARY OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE FLAIR LIBRARY.
